# SampleData
Sample Datasets to be used by the SlicerMorph toolkit

<h2>Description of Datasets </H2>
<li><b>Gorilla_Skull_LMs.zip:</b> 41 cranial LMs annotated on 23 adult Gorilla skulls from the skeletal collection of National Museum of Natural History. Landmarks for each specimen was saved as .fcsv file (comma-separated fiducial file) readable by 3D-Slicer. All samples follow the same landmark sequence. Coordinate values are in millimeters.
<li><b>Gorilla_reference_mrb:</B> A synthetic gorilla skull derived from microCT scans of 38 adult Gorilla using deformable image registration as described in <a href = "http://meeting.physanth.org/program/2018/session23/maga-2018-image-registration-and-template-based-annotation-of-great-ape-skulls.html"> Davis and Maga, 2018</a>. The scene file is readble by 3D-Slicer, and contains a low-resolution 3D model, as well as associated 41 cranial landmarks. The full-resolution volumetric image of the template can be obtained from https://github.com/muratmaga/Hominoid_Skulls. Original image data courtesy of Smithsonian Institution’s Human Origins Program and NMNH Division of Mammals.
<li> <b>Mouse_skull_LMs.zip:</b> 55 cranial LMs annotated on 126 adult mice. Landmarks for each specimen was saved as .fcsv file (comma-separated fiducial file) readable by 3D-Slicer. All samples follow the same landmark sequence. Note that coordinate values are in IJK space. To convert them to mm's, they need to be scaled by 0.01734. Data courtesy of Murat Maga (Seattle Children's Research Institute).
<li><b>mouse_skull_reference.mrb:</b> The 3D model of the sample closest to the mean from the Mouse skulls dataset, and its associated cranial LM dataset. The scene file is directly readble by 3D-Slicer.
